The Earth is the cradle of humanity, but one cannot live in the cradle forever. - Konstantin Tsiolkovsky  
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. - Neil Armstrong  
In the vastness of space, time loses meaning. - Carl Sagan  
Across the sea of space, the stars are other suns. - Carl Sagan  
For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love. - Carl Sagan  
To confine our attention to terrestrial matters would be to limit the human spirit. - Stephen Hawking  
We are made of star-stuff. - Carl Sagan  
The universe is under no obligation to make sense to you. - Neil deGrasse Tyson  
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. - Douglas Adams  
Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure science. - Edwin Hubble  
Astronomy compels the soul to look upward, and leads us from this world to another. - Plato  
The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself. - Carl Sagan  
The universe is not only stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can imagine. - J.B.S. Haldane  
When I first looked back at the Earth, standing on the Moon, I cried. - Alan Shepard  
There is perhaps no better a demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. - Carl Sagan  
Time and space are modes by which we think and not conditions in which we live. - Albert Einstein  
Houston, Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed. - Neil Armstrong  
We are the local embodiment of a cosmos grown to self-awareness. - Carl Sagan  
It suddenly struck me that that tiny pea, pretty and blue, was the Earth. - Neil Armstrong  
Mars is there, waiting to be reached. - Buzz Aldrin  
Without the space program, we would still be flying biplanes. - Burt Rutan  
Curiosity is the essence of our existence. - Gene Cernan  
We came all this way to explore the Moon, and the most important thing is that we discovered the Earth. - William Anders  
The sky is the limit only for those who aren't afraid to fly! - Bob Bello  
Man must rise above the Earth—to the top of the atmosphere and beyond—for only thus will he fully understand the world in which he lives. - Socrates  
To go places and do things that have never been done before – that’s what living is all about. - Michael Collins  
Space travel is life-enhancing, and anything that’s life-enhancing is worth doing. - Ray Bradbury  
The stars don't look bigger, but they do look brighter. - Sally Ride  
I don't know what you could say about a day in which you have seen four beautiful sunsets. - John Glenn  
What you see is not what you see. What you see is what you are. - Carl Jung  
To leave the planet is to realize how precious it is. - Anonymous astronaut  
We go into space because whatever mankind must undertake, free men must fully share. - John F. Kennedy  
The Moon is the first milestone on the road to the stars. - Arthur C. Clarke  
Exploration is really the essence of the human spirit. - Frank Borman  
In space, no one can hear you scream. - Alien (movie tagline)  
There are no passengers on spaceship Earth. We are all crew. - Marshall McLuhan  
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. - Carl Sagan  
If you could see Earth through the eyes of an astronaut, you'd never look at it the same again. - Anonymous  
The stars are the land-marks of the universe. - John Frederick William Herschel  
The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent. - Carl Sagan  
From out there on the Moon, international politics look so petty. - Edgar Mitchell  
Space isn't remote at all. It's only an hour's drive away if your car could go straight upwards. - Fred Hoyle  
As we got further and further away, it [Earth] diminished in size. Finally it shrank to the size of a marble... - James Irwin  
Looking back at Earth from the surface of the Moon, it was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. - Charlie Duke  
A sky as dark as the blackest velvet, studded with stars. - Buzz Aldrin  
I saw for the first time the Earth's shape. I could easily see the borders between the continents. - Yuri Gagarin  
The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe, the less taste we shall have for destruction. - Rachel Carson  
Each time humanity has ventured into space, we've come back with more than we expected. - Unknown  
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. - Stephen Hawking  